OK so we're going to make the search now we can to treat all the logic for the search.
So what we want to do is that whenever the user enters some information right here we want to catch
that event stored this data inside the component state.
The re-act component state and then we're going to grab that new state of the component and begin to
pass it to redux B will trigger an action creator.
You're not going to do it on section but in need we need to do a lot of setup first.
OK.
So the first thing we need to do is we can use the state we need the constructor in this class.
So I'm going to say constructor is open close and then just opening close again and we need to call
the super right super right.
This this one is going to just take an take an argument arguments it's going to be prompts and then
on the Super we pass prompts.
Right.
So we can create a state.
So I'm going to say this that state and then equals to an object.
The the one would again begin to use right now is going to be keyboard.
No because it makes sense.
Keyboard.
Right.
And this is going to be equal and whenever the application starts it's going to be just an empty stage
is the default state it's going to be empty.
Let's get.
So now we need to do the set up right here inside the forum so we can catch the event of the user entering
new information.
So I'm going to go right here ball the input on the input and we're going to create an on change listener
with this you know.
So this should be easy.
Are you going to say this.
I mean I'm going to call to a function that is going to be it's going to be called handle and then change.
All right that's good.
I'm going to go right here at the top just before the render and I'm going to create this function.
Now this handle change is going to take an event and it's going to set in you state with the with a
target value of that event.
So OK I'm going to say handle change.
This is going to be equal to a fad arrow function and we a pass and events.
OK so since we want to grab this event we want to update the state.
This is going to be this that set the state and then open and close.
And inside here we pass an object the one we want to call we want to update it's going to be the keyword.
So we say keyword the information we have available on the inside event.
So I'm going to say event Dadds target dot value right.
I'm going fast in this because we did it like two or three times already.
OK that's fine.
So I'm going to just do the component amount just to get the state right now.
We can use it to do more set up right now but then this one is going to be useful.
OK.
So what do we need to do now.
This right here since we can enter we are we are entering the information inside the input directly.
It's not a control component.
It's an uncontrolled component.
So we're going to make it a control component you know.
So I'm going to save value and this value is going to be equal to this dot state DOT and keyboard.
Right.
And it just do the word wrap.
OK.
So everything looks nice.
So if I just died it's entering the information this is entered by re-act state.
Good.
Now what else do we need.
Whenever the user just enters a brand for example let's say for it and they just submit the form and
we need to grab this form.
Stop the behavior of just refreshing the page and trigger an action creator.
So OK so what we can do we can catch the unsafe event of this form.
So I'm going to say on and then submit and this Ansermet is going to be equal to a function that is
going to be this.
And then just search cars whatever.
So I'm going to copy this.
This function is going to go right here on top of the handle change and we will create the logic for
this search cars.
Right.
So I'm going to say this function is going to be equal and it's going to take an argument which is going
to be the event and then just fat or a function.
Ok that's fine.
Now we can pass the event and what we need to do if you come from javascript from S-5 we need to do
the preven default.
So I'm just going to copy of this copy the event the access the event and then just prevent default
OK that's fine since I want to get the state right here I'm just going to do a console log just to make
sure that we are getting the right keywords.
So I'm going to say this dot state OK.
So I just really load the page I'm going to go to the console right now.
There you go.
When you make it bigger There you go.
So I'm going to say for any if type answer we get keyboard that we get the state of D-Ward and forward.
So now what we can do we can bring right here the top everything that it's related to read.
And whenever we get this keyboard right here whenever we search the car with dispatch an action to read
X and read X is going to go to the database find an entry with the Fort and just return the information.
Let's get.
OK let's go to the next section and just create a natural creator and first we're going to do all the
set up for redux.
We need to go to the app sorry the next domain index and bring all the settings for Weet-Bix.
Let's go to the next section.